FormIntroduction ^{
    MCW1=Creating the Galaxy
    MCW2=Creating stars
    MCW3=Creating planets
    MCW4=Distributing quests
    MCW5=Generating ships
    MCW6=Creating bases
    MCW7=Passage of time
    MCW8=Done
    Text=Volunteers! You have made the right choice by joining the glorious ranger ranks! The military may take pride in their fancy uniforms, but in the Klissan War three hundred years ago, as they suffered one defeat after another, it was the rangers who solved the mystery of Makhpella and put an end to the most terrible war in the history of this sector of the Galaxy! The rangers are no cannon fodder, capable only of obeying orders; every ranger is his own general and supply battalion!
    Text=<br>Admittedly, over the centuries many have forgotten the rangers' noble history and customs. But there's no better time to remind them! As you know, six years ago the Coalition of intelligent races has encountered a new enemy -- an enemy no less dangerous than the klissan. They are called the dominators and represent a new form of cyberlife. As of yet, we do not know why they have begun attacking us, both on our planets and in space. Most dominator robots have only a semblance of intelligence, so it stands to reason they are controlled by brain centers. Initially it was believed that they had only one such center, but this presumption proved a costly mistake for the Coalition fleet at the Battle of Gralgar! Now we know that there is a minimum of three such centers, each controlling its own series of dominators. We were able to learn the origin of these robots and some things about their inner workings, but this information is classified. Perhaps you will be granted access to it at a later date. Besides, now is not the time for lectures -- the dominators have already captured tons of planets, and our fleet is still struggling to recover from the Gralgar massacre!
    Text=<br>But that's not all! Taking advantage of the fact that brave warriors are occupied with the robot invaders, pirates have crawled out of the woodwork as well, bending weakened Coalition systems to their will! The pirate threat was shrugged off at first, but it has become painfully clear that they pose as much risk to our civilization as the dominators! Now we find ourselves waging a two-front war, and the Coalition forces remain the weakest link in this struggle. This means that space rangers have once again become our last hope for survival. And now the only thing keeping you from eternal glory is a medical examination. But between you and me, due to the desperate situation on both fronts, the doctors were given a secret directive to give all candidates a clean bill of health! Dismissed, soldier!
}
